Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So definitely.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So okay, let me just share my, should I share my screen? For this discussion? Just see saying like what we have done
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful, and we'll go like 2 to 3 min per presentation, and then a couple of minutes for questions
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay. So something is wrong, actually, with my
Chloe Lannert: We can. We can see it
NSG: We can see. Okay, our tracking table. You can see
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That. Oh, okay, I don't see it myself here, and that's the problem
NSG: Hmm.
Paria: Can open in the like other screens. Mighty one
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That should. Yeah, exactly. So. Probably I have to just say.
Paria: Yes.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Sorry for this. I just quickly changed my screen.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It's okay.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Screen's not working.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: No, it's very.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: How's that possible? So a few seconds I'll fix it. Now
NSG: Yeah, just unshare and then reshare it, and we'll fix it
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It's very strange. Actually, it was just working a few seconds ago. But
Paria: It's my neighbor was just saying that if you can like disconnect sharing and share it
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, yeah, the point. I I can't see that. Okay. So it seems, something is done here.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I just muted you on
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, so.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, we can hear you.
Paria: Yes.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Maybe, Perry, you can. Maybe you can explain. I'll join you in a few seconds. Then
NSG: So, yeah, I,
Paria: Okay, so.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I can maybe start with the mics
Paria: So like, in this like 5 issues here. So the objective of the work region here. Okay, so he's coming to my office here. So the the objective here we kind of divide in 3 sections, which is about like the market. 1st one is about like increase market adoption.
Paria: So and then this is like a category blanks to marketing assays that we defined about the milestones. Then we we have like target results deliverable. These are more about like measurable
Paria: targets, and since a smile, I can go there
NSG: There's a glaring opportunity already, while it smiles on his way to your office, for I'm curious
Paria: The thing is, I cannot move this screen, because he already shared
NSG: Oh, it's okay. Yeah, no, no. What we're looking at right now is good enough for people to react to. But I'm really interested to hear from the founders, and how you all are reacting to the specific
NSG: objectives here
Paria: Sure, yes, absolutely so. If I go to, if I go with the 1st one, which is about like more about marketing, and says so we defined it. Milestone, as a like. So number one is like validate demands for optifab solution. So and then the
Paria: for this purpose, or for this milestones. We are targeting to go with the 6 companies. Yeah, it works comes to like running pilots for like in during these 3 months.
Paria: And then, yeah, how we are going to approach to this target results. So basically, we are aiming for 40 daily messages on Linkedin, we have already started working on Linkedin, sending messages for our potential customers and then trying to implement loom, as also like working in the warming tools like through networks, and possibly from ticketstars, networks as well
NSG: There's
Paria: That would be number one.
Paria: Any questions here, or should I like over the second? Then we discuss it later.
NSG: Anyone have thoughts on the increased market adoption. Objective. First, st before moving on to the next one.
Paria: So, like, yeah, please.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, yeah, so what we actually based on the information we received from Sylvia and the presentation, so on. So we have, like, 3 main objectives here, and for each of them we have, like a few milestones.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And for each milestones. So we have, of course, some target results, informal deliverables like something that we can really measure. And so that's really the purpose of in the our Okr here, basically
NSG: Yeah. So sorry to jump in. I just want to clarify. While you were heading back with us, did a great job of covering
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay. So we covered
NSG: The 1st one's covered
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That's 1
NSG: I'm asking the group if you all want to give feedback before we move on to the second one.
Vivian Liu: Maybe based off of
Vivian Liu: like, especially after merch talk yesterday, talking about kind of scaffolding concrete, and like, you know, where they need to be
Vivian Liu: It's possible that.
Vivian Liu: based on what he kind of broke down at least it might be early to do like some of those things
Vivian Liu: on certain sales kind of targets in, you know. Maybe product and
Vivian Liu: you know, kind of market validation isn't concrete
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So what we think. Actually, we are putting some objective here, and then we have some target results, of course. So and we have also the approach to reach to that target results as well. But at the end of this cycle we'll see, like, what is the results. What would be the actual results. And then we get a better understanding of the gaps there, that what the lessons we have to learn like for each case, of course, some of them, as you mentioned, it's very early to to discuss it now, but we are putting some kind of like wish list, and also
Esmaeil Sadeghi: kind of ambitious milestones for ourselves here, and then we validate and test everything along the way
Vivian Liu: If I can, if I can add to it. I mean, it seems like it's a bit too much of a process type thing. I think some of the results.
Vivian Liu: They're not so much results rather than actions, you know 20 Linkedin posts.
Vivian Liu: I wouldn't consider that a result as much as it's do you mind just keeping it still so I can see it. I don't see that really, as a result, other than an action they can take. And I understand also, 10 qualified leads can be a result. But I think these are a little bit too much like
Vivian Liu: approaches to potentially a goal. And I think the milestone needs to be a little bit
Vivian Liu: clear in your eyes like prove market readiness for automation and increase customer engagement. I think that's subject to quite a few
Vivian Liu: like cracks within it. So also dig deep in like what exactly is readiness, what exactly is customer engagement and establish warm introduction. I think those are really
Vivian Liu: so much milestones as they are processes. Personally, I think it's it's better to start with, like, what is the main outcome you want to achieve with with numbers as your Okrs. And then you have a separate process as to how to get there.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Hmm.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: yeah. So we had this discussion together with Perio like for milestone. If it could. If he really put some numbers here to make it more clarify here. So and then what would be the point of like target results? So it's very like, kind of like, somehow, like complementary here. So we try to make it like milestone to be something really broad, really, like a kind of like a broad perspective here. So this is something that we want to reach.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and then for target result, we put some really like a quantified, measurable target results there and then we added some extra column here in terms of how we reached this target results, basically
Paria: Process. That's
NSG: Yeah.
Paria: Process that we are going to talk
Esmaeil Sadeghi: This was not originally in the initial, like, tracking Okr, Okr tracking table. So we added another column here, just to show like how we are reaching to this specific target results here. And we have also timeline here, like within the next 3 months, for instance, for instance, we would be like having, like 6 companies as our like pilots.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And if you couldn't really reach this, we do our best actually to reach reach these 6 pilots, but if it would be like 5, so there would be some gaps there. So we would be having some discussion like how what happened there and how we can improve our like process, as you mentioned, like for the next cycle
NSG: Yeah, I'd love to see you all help each other. Refine each of these more. But I'm also committed to helping you directly myself. So for each company I want to help you all chisel and get more detailed about all of the steps in between the house that you have listed here. So, for example, 6 companies commit to running pilots within 3 months.
NSG: You know, what's our target list of companies? How many are on there. What are the steps in addition to the 40 daily messages that actually lead to that conversion? Are we talking paid pilots? Are we talking free pilots? And if we're talking paid, how much
NSG: and what's the goal there when it comes to commitment and timeline
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Neil. What I actually, I have realized from Okr is basically like, let's say, from Point A, we want to go to Point B, so that's really our like, kind of like Okr, but how we are going to reach that the B point, basically, it would be a lot of Kpis. We have a separate like a table for every details there like, of course. So 6 companies here. So what I I would say there are many kpis involved here. So for each each of these milestones here, we would have multiple kpis to to measure everything.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I think these 2 are somehow very much connected to each other. Maybe we should have a like a table together.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Kpi, and like Okr together to make it more like, I would say, complementary, and like more understandable. But now we, we have separated these 2. Actually. So now it's like kind of like broad objectives that we have here and how to reach those objectives in a simple manner.
NSG: Great. Okay, I think this is a really really good start.
NSG: and I'd love to see the the full, comprehensive laid out plan. But I think this is a decent start. I think I would re rename the objectives a little bit to add a just like slightly more specificity to what you want. So, for example, the increased market adoption one, I think, that it sounds like what you're trying to accomplish is to get
NSG: additional. You know, you know you're trying to grow like you want. You want additional revenue. And I see that in the 3rd one. So those kind of intersect and overlap a little bit, so we can figure out a better way to differentiate those objectives. Since they seem to go hand in hand
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Absolutely exactly.
Paria: That's a valid point. Yes, thanks.
NSG: Cool any last comments or questions from anyone before we move on to the next person
Chloe Lannert: We are already pretty over time. So I'm gonna if no one else wants to jump in, I'm gonna tap, really. Next
Anthony De Silva: I would need a little bit more time
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Meg, are you ready to go
Vivian Liu: Not yet happy to join in
NSG: What's up, guys? We're not. We're not.
NSG: Let's go.
NSG: Hold on! Wait a second, Chloe.
NSG: Let me make. Let me make it clear.
NSG: If you don't have them. That's okay. But we need to know that you're not ready at the at the session, and I think it's important to communicate that.
NSG: So just a little reminder. If anyone is coming to this, not prepared with what we've asked, it's okay. You just need to communicate it so that we know not to call on you.
NSG: So who's ready
Vivian Liu: Yeah, or
Chloe Lannert: Greetings, ready
NSG: Alright! Let's cool.
Vivian Liu: You'll have to you if it's in-. If it's a base camp
NSG: Alright. I see that Carlo posted his in basecamp. So let's just pull up Carlo, and go with that
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Vivian Liu: To quit
NSG: Anyone need help? Or do you need me to do it?
Vivian Liu: No, I got it.
NSG: Okay.
Vivian Liu: Leadership
Vivian Liu: go full screen chill back.
Vivian Liu: I think you can use the clicker, too.
Vivian Liu: Alright cool now. The clicker doesn't work.
Vivian Liu: I'll just, I'll just come here. Alright guys.
Vivian Liu: Okay. So
Vivian Liu: I've kind of started basing these off, especially after some Jtbds. I started doing. That's why I put a Tbd. And I'll explain that in a second. But my main okay are with this one is to really just establish dominance in a Dtc industry. The reason why I put Tbd of which industries because I'm sussing those out right now with the Jtbds is which ones to really focus on.
Vivian Liu: But I believe. To get this, I need to get like 3 enterprise level clients within the same industry
Vivian Liu: with a minimum contract of like 50 k. Each. And for me. That's usually like a yearly contract.
Vivian Liu: and that just means that they've stopped to us. And what I've seen from our clients that once I book that
Vivian Liu: yearly contract. Then they stay with us. They don't really even look for alternatives anymore.
Vivian Liu: I want to push for the 100% client satisfaction rate. And for me, that means that they're literally happy with using us. And they've documented their approval working with us.
Vivian Liu: We want to be able to reduce the production time to 48 h. And it's something that we've seen we're able to do when there's the right flow around this. And this depend on my next Okr.
Vivian Liu: which is also 70% faster than the industry standard.
Vivian Liu: And we want to generate case studies that show a 3 to 5 times improvement in engagement rates with typical campaigns.
Vivian Liu: Now, my next, okay are really just to build the scalable production system. And for me, this means having a standardized workflow that can handle the content campaigns autonomously. This especially means that I reduce my personal investment by about 90% on each campaign. And that's where I want to get to ideally. I want to get to reduce my personal investment by 100
Vivian Liu: and the other part is I want to achieve 100% on time delivery rate for all projects. And I think this is significantly helped by sort of a standardized production system with the platform.
Vivian Liu: And then I also want to expand the Creator network in our main client locations by 50%. That's also dependent on our Jtbd style where to focus the Creator acquisition processes
Vivian Liu: on my 3rd one. I know it's only one line with this, but it's based on what Matt said yesterday about the value props that are that they can give to customers right now. We mainly cut time and costs, which is good, but, he said, the best one is to demonstrate revenue increase.
Vivian Liu: Now the campaigns that
Vivian Liu: drive clear revenue increase are the ones that have a click through ratio objectives, whether it's a link or anything like that.
Vivian Liu: So I would like to focus on content campaigns that are aimed at driving revenue through click through rates and achieve a 2 to 3 times higher
Vivian Liu: return. In that
NSG: Carlo on this point is the revenue increase. Is that in your experience the primary thing that your clients want
Vivian Liu: Ultimately. Yes, because I need to justify that budgets on how advertising gets spent to
Vivian Liu: for them to make more money. Brand awareness is a bit of a superficial metric that they have. Ultimately, they gotta be like, okay.
Vivian Liu: how much for every dollar that we put into the ads? What did we get out of it?
NSG: Okay.
NSG: Yeah. I was just curious to know how quantifiable and objective that could be to associate with your effort and support of them, and how you could tie that together
Vivian Liu: It'll be quite tricky, because I'd have to let you get the clients to tell me
Vivian Liu: So your past Ctr campaign. What did it drive? And what did this one with us now drive?
Vivian Liu: So I literally need to get them to tell me what the other metrics things like engagement rates. I can. We can track and scrape quite easily.
Vivian Liu: but instead, revenue increases. We'd have to get inside information for
NSG: Okay, yeah, I'd be curious to dig deeper there at some point with you, since unpacking that and understanding how they value it, how they perceive it might be really powerful to to master, because then you can communicate more effectively how you can deliver on that kind of result for them
Vivian Liu: Yeah, but yeah, here they are.
NSG: Okay, folks, any thoughts questions. Feedback for Carlos
Vivian Liu: Hi! It's I don't think anything.
Vivian Liu: One question I have was, I thought, like the numbers you put in were really really impressive, like a hundred percent client satisfaction rate, for instance, is like.
Vivian Liu: really, really high, in my opinion. And 90% increase in time as well. So like, do you have any ideas already about how you're gonna do this? Or
Vivian Liu: I think Foss is really just sticking to like the processes like we we already have.
Vivian Liu: Clients are satisfied. And I feel like we can improve it. Like right now, we said about 95%. So it's really pretty high. And yeah, so I think we can push it to 100. And literally, that means it doesn't mean that we don't mess up, but it means that they're always happy with each delivery, and all of our clients will keep calling back throughout. And then the 90% in the time saving that's that's something just gonna be reached by the platform or finishing in
Vivian Liu: June. Okay? Because that has, I get to go to chats and you go to contracts. A lot of the stuff that I'm doing manually is now being taken
Vivian Liu: pair of automatically
Vivian Liu: cool, and for the client satisfaction, like one of the things that I thought looking into it was like.
Vivian Liu: if you don't have a hundred percent. But you have like a genuine thank you like, let's say, like someone who refers you, that might be even more valuable for you, right? Track referrals. Which means they, they're really, really happy rather than just like, yeah, that was cool, which is, you know different levels. I don't know how you think about this
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I have one comment here. I think, after seeing your details here. So I understand. Like what you meant, actually, commenting on our Okr. But just curious, because we had also this discussion, together with Perry like, is this like within the timeline of the text or program? Or it would go beyond that, like, what is the timeline that you are looking at like 3 months period, or like or something beyond
Vivian Liu: I'm personally pushing for a 3 month period. I know it's a little bit like ambitious, but
Vivian Liu: I think it's doable
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I think, for a Okr, we should be really ambitious. And then we would see, like the the bottlenecks along the process. So I think that should be great, actually having some ambitious plan
Vivian Liu: Who.
Chloe Lannert: Listen.
Vivian Liu: That's good.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Neil. One question here.
Vivian Liu: For the same business
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So in order to track or Okr, so do we have any like time period that we should, it would be like everyday job, like, let's say, every morning we look at our Okr and Kpi and see what is like, I think for Kpi everything would be more like detail, and we should have it like in front of us every time. But for Okr, probably we would have a longer, maybe one week, or something like that. So how do you see? Like the tracking system for reaching this? Objectives
NSG: Yeah, there's there's components of it that are daily, that are in the details. And then every week we structure Kpi sessions after winter madness for the Okrs themselves. That'll largely depend on your you know, personal situation context because the Kpis
NSG: travel up into them. So you may want to schedule some sort of regular cadence to review or discussion of them, but it may not need to be as frequent as the kpis that we already have structured
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Exactly that makes sense
NSG: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: That's cool
Vivian Liu: Okay, are you taking it next?
Vivian Liu: Yeah. And that's oh, sorry.
Vivian Liu: Yeah, they're just looking at me, I see.
Vivian Liu: Sorry.
Vivian Liu: All right. Our okrs are fairly straightforward.
Vivian Liu: These are by June 2025. The 1st one at high level is most beloved way to do web data analysis. And the second is drive outside business value for teams.
Vivian Liu: First, st
NSG: Can we slow that one down? Can we? Can we help us understand what you mean by these 2 points? Because I think they're they're lofty, which is not bad, but I wanna make sure I understand what they mean.
Vivian Liu: Well, yeah. So basically, the 1st one is connected to retention and make it the way that people want to do this. So it's like I mean, it's explained in the next slide. But
NSG: Okay. Well, I guess even even as the statement stands, I wanna make sure it's it's explained properly because I want it to resonate. And right now I'm like, I have more questions than clarity.
NSG: So most would love to do. Web data analysis.
NSG: The sentence is playing with my head.
Vivian Liu: Most.
Vivian Liu: Thank you.
Vivian Liu: I think I just type
NSG: Oh, okay, got it. There's some missing words
Vivian Liu: Yeah, one word way, most beloved way to do web data
NSG: Okay. Got it all right.
NSG: Keep going
Vivian Liu: Yeah, so key results essentially increase 30 day retention to 80% after running 10 harvests.
Vivian Liu: this is, yeah, I mean, extremely important. We've seen some evidence of this right now, which is why that is kind of like a number. We can go after 40% of paying customers is a superhuman thing, would be very disappointed if they could no longer use harvest plan to use a email survey to be able to run that and do that experiment. I've done it before, so I want to be able to run it again. A total of 500 K web pages extracted per month.
Vivian Liu: That's just a raw, cumulative
Vivian Liu: we know. Yeah, combined with the obviously one Kda use daily, active users we want. If it's too small. We know that it's kind of like it runs into the issue of, you know, we're we're susceptible to a couple of users
Vivian Liu: kind of just switching off. And then we're we're like, we're not. We're not distributed enough. And then foundationally reduce 8 h of time gathering web data a week to 5 min and so they can actually do it multiple times.
Vivian Liu: We track everything through mixed panel or purely software product right now. So should be pretty straightforward to to track from a Kpi perspective.
NSG: In your experience is the second point. With 40% of pay customers, pull would be very disappointed, like meaningful
Vivian Liu: I have. Yes, when you have enough users.
Vivian Liu: So if you don't have enough users who are responding to the survey, then basically, it's not that useful then, but you need to have at least like 50 to 100 who are responding on a on. You know what? You basically send it out.
Vivian Liu: a week to 2 weeks after they have. You can do, you can base it off of either when they sign in or when they pay, based on whatever you think is a time that you want to measure. And then one week after that, or 2 weeks after that you send them this request, and I think that it it does actually correlate, because they will tell you to keep the survey super. Simple. They'll tell you how excited they are or how they aren't but if you don't, if we don't get a threshold of like at least 50 people responding, then it's pointless
NSG: Yeah, I'm I'm not confident in that, being like something that would be particularly informative or insightful. I think more meaningfully, in my opinion, would be the engagement things that you already have listed as proxies to indicate that, and, like the utilization like the high usage, would be.
NSG: you know, more indicative of it. But if you know I'm I'm curious to to learn from that as you do, it
Vivian Liu: That's that's the superhuman thing. That's what kind of it's like.
NSG: I know. Yeah, I'm familiar with it.
Vivian Liu: Yeah. So so that's I think the main thing would be like on our way. This might be earlier than some of the other metrics, so I don't. Maybe the order isn't right.
Vivian Liu: But to start measuring it early on might be a way to measure the later ones. But you might might be right that it's more of a kpi, or like a on the way than an actual result
NSG: Yeah. And my last question on this one is, is there a subgroup of customers that you are targeting?
NSG: Because
NSG: it would? It would be helpful to illuminate like, if you have a particular like segment that you want, you want to focus on right now with harvest
Vivian Liu: Yeah. So we we have. We've been working on like our cohorts, and we've spent a lot of time even defining them. We're like, hey? We don't care. However many cohorts we we want, but we want to make sure that each one is defined really carefully, and we've kind of brought it down to 5 within those 5 cohorts. We really want to target 2. And that's that's really it. We don't. We don't want to try and serve too many, because it's gonna be too hard. Those 2
NSG: Which are they? Yeah.
Vivian Liu: As as of now. Are. The 1st one is teams that need to do due diligence for investment firms, investment firms that need to do due dili due diligence.
Vivian Liu: Oh.
Vivian Liu: and they want to use kind of a data driven way to do it. And they want to do competitive analysis bring it into their into their due diligence report essentially. And the second is essentially hedge funds who actually want to be able to drive their trading algorithms basically build trading algorithms off of harvest harvest scheduled kind of scrapes
NSG: Okay, yeah. I mean, then, this might just be the stickler in me I'd be interested in in in specifying those those 2 groups.
NSG: Some here somewhere within here, because I think it would be helpful to see cause when I think of most beloved way to do web data analysis, it's like by who for what
NSG: that that that extra detail is
NSG: is can sometimes be helpful because it's less vague, and it leaves less up to interpretation
NSG: by whoever's involved cool
Vivian Liu: And then the next one is kind of more about from, you know, it can be beloved. But, like, you know, Reddit struggled with actually driving business value. And so we want to make sure we're driving outside business value for teams. 1st 1, 25 k Mrr, that's around 500 K web pages per month.
Vivian Liu: Extracted based on our current metric or based on our current subscription model. We also want to make sure that we are. We're walking up kind of from like small teams who we're targeting now to larger contracts. So we wanna we wanna have 10 contracts larger than a 5. An annual 5 K subscription signed by the end of 3 months. A a 20% conversion rate to paid customer
Vivian Liu: after running. Sorry that's not supposed to be 5. That's supposed to be 15
Vivian Liu: after 15 harvests, because that's supposed to be up from the the 1010 harvests to 80% retention, and then, finally, one paid subscriptions at $30 a month. By the end of the 3 months
NSG: So this information feels like it's based on what customers are committing to you rather than their business value.
NSG: Where is the quantification of their business value here
Vivian Liu: I understand the distinction. Yeah, I
Vivian Liu: guess I wasn't measuring it that way. That's probably fair
NSG: Yeah, like, like, I, I mean, I I like the key results. And the Kpis, you want to track right here. I'm a big fan of these for you, but this seems to have very little to do with the business value we're driving for those teams
Vivian Liu: Yeah, I guess it's fair. I I
Vivian Liu: didn't really think about it like that.
NSG: Okay. Well, my, my, my quick reaction here is like, find a way to read. Either
NSG: split them out right and and speak on this as your like, your goal for your traction and revenue and engagement of the customer commitment, you may want to split a different one out where you think more deeply about what business value you're driving, and how to quantify that for them, and to measure that, hold yourself accountable to
Vivian Liu: Alright! Yes.
NSG: Cool.
Vivian Liu: All right.
Chloe Lannert: Uniform
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I think our
Chloe Lannert: Rio. We're ready
NSG: Alright! Wait! Smiles.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: No, no paid customers, I remember, like needs common like customers are already paying. So yes, it's redundant.
Vivian Liu: Yes, sir.
NSG: Paid customer. It's redundant
Vivian Liu: Yeah. Oh, yep, yep, you're right.
NSG: Good catch.
NSG: Thank you.
Vivian Liu: So I guess I put them in. Oh, do you want? Do you want to go next? We already put them in 2 different places we put it in the in the calendar. Invite that is on here
Chloe Lannert: We got it. Let's go
Vivian Liu: Wonderful great. So just as complex. Reflecting on next on yesterday, I wanted to show you our self assessment of where we are on the product market fit tower. So if you can go to the next slide.
Vivian Liu: so that's where brio is. So on the ground floor, we think we we are. We're pretty pretty much starting to pour concrete but we're still very far from being fully blood proof, and we are hoping for textiles to really kind of help us help us get really, really to the right, on that, on the product we are. We're we're kind of more than the scaffolding stage.
Vivian Liu: We do expect a little bit of of support and kind of progress in the next 3 months, but not that much customer success. We're actually ahead of of where where we would typically want to be and we are not expecting to make any progress and repeatable sales for us. It's not the. It's not the topic.
Vivian Liu: If you can go to the next slide in terms of our Okrs, what we've thought is, we are going to kind of look at 1st month's okrs. Be super critical, crystal clear on what we want to do. We do have like broader objectives for the rest of the program, but we are keeping ourselves the opportunity to to change them as we see fit, and as we see the results of the 1st month.
Vivian Liu: So there's really 3 objectives for the 1st month, and one that's kind of pretty much what is in here. The 1st one is to have picked a vision for brio. We currently have 2 alternatives in terms of a vision, one that is squarely focused on educational institutions, and the other one that is much more focused on the recruiting market. We need to crystallize these 2 visions and create an evaluation grid to help us pick between the 2.
Vivian Liu: So that's no progress here. But it's really kind of super urgent for us to do it. That's something that I'm accountable for.
Vivian Liu: Then we have the middle of the thing is the jobs to be done kind of objective related objective. We want to have discovered actionable, qualitative, and quantitative insights on the Us. Educational higher Ed market and specifically prospective customers. So we've done 2 things today. We've identified 10 plus Jpd interviewers. We've interviewed one. We have a few others in the pipe.
Vivian Liu: And we have done market research and sizing for the for the market. We still have these other 2 things. You see that clearly assigned with deadlines and that's where we are.
Vivian Liu: And the 3rd one is to have kind of really looked at the various textiles resources that we can leverage classified them and identified what we want to leverage. And that's kind of something that is also by the end of next month, one, which is by April 10th of all, or April 11, th as you can see, and that we we haven't. We've made some progress, but nothing is checked.
Vivian Liu: and then kind of broader for the if you go further in the that 3 months kind of a time horizon we do have the objective to achieve a hundred k arr, we are 60 k, at this point. So we're not that far. We think it's stretched, but not that big of a stretch. And we we are. We're kind of seeing ourselves achieving it.
Vivian Liu: We don't. We want to have a hiring plan, which is kind of an understanding of where we are, our strengths and weaknesses. Who do we need to hire when, what format, etc, a funding plan and an investor that are ready, which doesn't necessarily mean funding achieved. It's not like, hey? When do we want to fund? And do we have what we need to fund at the right pace when we want to. To get additional funding.
Vivian Liu: And we have also, like something around vision and positioning something around product strategy and something on the advice on how to recruit. And I just wanted to kind of give you a little bit of what we call when we when we check the box, what we mean by that? So if you can move to the next slide, and I'm going to go super quick.
Vivian Liu: This is what we call market research. So it's not that big of a of a deal. It's not a hundred page document it just. We know how many higher ed institutions there are. There are 6,000. We have their names.
Vivian Liu: We know how much is spent on education in the Us. We have sufficient level of granularity to understand exactly how much is spent on carrier services, which is the kind of the the spend bucket that we are looking at, and we know exactly how much is spent on
Vivian Liu: something that we could do on their behalf. And the the true result is, it's full. It's less than a hundred 1 million. Assuming you would have like 100% of the of the of the market.
Vivian Liu: That, that would be, that would be that would be the the target we are we are focusing on. So when we see that we're thinking, Whoa, this is not that big of a market. And our initial assumption that was, Hey, we're going to start with the higher end. And then we're going to move to recruiting sounds like it's a good idea, because, it's not a billion company 1 billion dollar company right there.
Vivian Liu: What we did also. And that's the last slide. And then I'll shut up. Is, we've also kind of decided to really look at what are the criteria that we should use to prioritize the companies or the the colleges that we are focusing on. So we've list listed all the criteria that we thought made sense. We've ranked them from the most important to the least important.
Vivian Liu: And that's what I call prioritization axes. And and then we've we've defined whether we want to prioritize them. And what is the what do we? What are we looking for? And how are we going to get that? And the good news is
Vivian Liu: we don't. I mean, we're fairly fairly happy with that list and the prioritization and we do believe that we have a good way to in a scaled way, kind of gather information that allows us to prioritize. We have the list of 6,000 companies. We just need to move them from an access database to to an actual spreadsheet.
Vivian Liu: And we do think that with all the these AI tools that that Openai has given us we can, we can gather all the information that we need to get a good sense of that. I won't bore you with the details, but that's where we are, as far as our okay? And and the 1st results.
Vivian Liu: yeah, you can. You can. This this
Chloe Lannert: Do you want to look at these
Vivian Liu: Yeah, sorry. Go ahead.
Vivian Liu: You can stop here, though. All this, all this is, yeah, stop. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: I'm curious.
Vivian Liu: It's it's it's things that we. It's kind of a
Vivian Liu: we're scrappy, you know. We just want to show you a little bit of a
Vivian Liu: of something that doesn't doesn't look right?
Chloe Lannert: Alright folks any quick feedback, or are we
Vivian Liu: Just a question.
Chloe Lannert: One time.
Vivian Liu: Any revenue targets or anything.
Vivian Liu: It's kind of like 100 KARR.
Vivian Liu: That's if you go back to the objectives we want to achieve a hundred KI mean, we are 60 K. Right now.
Vivian Liu: By the end of the 3 months
Vivian Liu: I think you guys can do a lot more
Vivian Liu: sorry. I think you can do better.
Vivian Liu: Yeah, yeah, it's it's I think you're already at 60 K,
Vivian Liu: we, just I mean, Alex is the principal salesperson, and a lot of this time we are spending on on jobs to be done on this program, etc. What we're seeing is that we're our kind of our prospecting activities are going down right now.
Vivian Liu: as far as volume is concerned.
Vivian Liu: Well, likely I don't want to get
NSG: Can Alex speak closer to the mic
Vivian Liu: Yeah, sure. So what I was saying is that, yeah, prospecting is is down, of course, probably much so during the 1st weeks of programs. I will see afterwards after the mental madness, if maybe that picks it up a bit. The other thing is sales. Cycles are really long, which makes it a bit unpredictable to forecast AR. That's that's just it. Oh, to me.
Vivian Liu: yeah, okay, okay, well, I I'm
NSG: I'm grateful that you guys are are utilizing like I. I went into most of your base camps and added, like what I saw from the goal setting. And it seems like this is like a you're building upon that and adding more detail to some of these which is great.
NSG: Before the achieve 100 k. Arr that encore was asking about. I would love to see that built out more right. The how right? What? What are the initiatives. What are the milestones? What are the components to actually achieving that? I and I totally understand the load balancing that you all are doing because you're gonna learn a lot during techsar. So it may not make sense to stay as aggressive as you were before this.
NSG: With some of these targets. But I think I can be the most helpful to you all if you do what you did for you know the the 2 that you have, or the 3 that you have at the top here, and do that for the rest of these as well, if that's helpful to you.
NSG: But I would love to refine that further.
Vivian Liu: Yeah. And and we we haven't. We haven't ported it here, but we do have like a a pipeline with like, how many calls
NSG: Cool.
Vivian Liu: We do have the pipeline view. We shared it actually with the, you know. I think we added it in the in our assignment. But we yeah, we'll do it. Thanks, team. That's
NSG: Yeah, sure, no problem. And then, by the way, I also want to commend you all for already taking initiative to like plot yourself on the product market fit tower. I think that's really cool. It's something I'm I'm already committed to doing with all of you, anyway. But the fact that you all just took it and ran with it already is really cool. So I'm I'm glad you did that, and I'm curious to know
NSG: what detail you have associated with your placement on each of these, you know lines, so you don't have to say it now. But I would love to go through that with you sometime, and just talk it out to learn
Vivian Liu: We'll go through it happy to
Vivian Liu: any other question or comments we are. We love to be criticized. It does. You have critical comments? So thank you.
NSG: All good. We'll we'll have to speed. Run. Whoever is left. We have about 15 min
Vivian Liu: Okay.
NSG: I think. Meg raised her hand for going
Vivian Liu: Okay. I've just been going up and down because I'm not by the my left
NSG: No, it's okay.
Vivian Liu: Alright. You can go ahead.
Vivian Liu: That's I'm fine, either way.
Vivian Liu: I've been ready since the beginning. Let's go.
Vivian Liu: Can you guys hear me?
Chloe Lannert: No.
NSG: Yeah, we can
Vivian Liu: Okay, cool. So I did my excel sheet instead of a slide. But basically, looking at the 3 different categories based on people on our team. Our very 1st one is, we want to make sure that we're meeting with the right product, because right now we kind of are trying to pick between products. So we want to be able to, you know, refine from the jobs we've done, pick the right market, and we'll know that also by 70% of the meetings are going from 1st meeting to the second meeting.
Vivian Liu: and then once we have picked our lead product and we looked on our jobs to be done. We want to refine our messaging on our website. And ultimately we want to be able to close $75,000 of revenue into 2,
Vivian Liu: so that second quarter
Vivian Liu: and then for product wise, we kind of have some things already in the works that we're committed to delivering so like for our pro, our customers, they need for us to be able to have sub accounts, and then that translates into the new product that ringcentral paying for us to create, which is the segments product. And then we need to get our stock, too, so we can stop losing in it.
Vivian Liu: So those are what's happening. Product, wise. And then for customer success. There's kind of 3 things we need to work on. So obviously enabling the teams on the new innovations and the new products and then launching workflows that are basically hooks to get remind users to come back in to the product. And then, 3rd is creating these reports to go to the manager so that way the managers can drive adoption from the top down.
Vivian Liu: So ultimately, the big goal is that we want to have 90% monthly active users from our paid users. That's the big thing that we really care about, because that's gonna you know. If you have active users from your paid users, then you'll be able to reduce churn
NSG: Great Meg, how do you think about
NSG: the the, the objective of solidifying product market fit like? How? How like? I'm not sure if I even know what that means. So I I would love to get your perspective on that
Vivian Liu: Yeah. So basically, I feel like product market fit is kind of being pulled in multiple directions. And right now, I don't know which one to leave with. Right? So it's more like product marketing, messaging right? But like, basically, there's a couple of different ones I'm trying to pick from between. And I want to like.
Vivian Liu: be solid in my answer that this is the right one, and confident in the way that I figure out which one is the right one to lead with so that's kind of where it's like, okay, I'm going to evaluate. I basically want to do 2 jobs to be done right with like 15 for each, like 30 questions, customers, right? And I want to be able to pick between the 2 based on the data and the research
NSG: Okay, so that might need to be re renamed in my view. Then, because I think solidified Pmf. And close 75 K. Seems like a
NSG: look. I like the 75 k. Part, I think, solidified. Pmf is
NSG: kind of nascent to me, based on what you just said, and something more specific is I. I've heard you say this before I read this when I was looking through your materials, you're trying to choose between 2 potential pathways that you're seeing right?
NSG: So there might be a version of this that that explains that a a little bit more clearly. But I but I see where you're going with it.
NSG: I'll let other people weigh in since I'm gonna spend plenty of time after this on this
Vivian Liu: And then I have broken down by month here as well.
Vivian Liu: You mind just going back to the like main. Okay? Us. Yeah. I think, like
Vivian Liu: at least passing. I don't know if it's my wrong approach around objectives and stuff.
Vivian Liu: but I think with objectives there should always be some kind of like tangible
Vivian Liu: metric to it is like improve customer adoption. I know you've got the 90% like monthly active users and those ones. But it's like.
Vivian Liu: you know, what is.
Vivian Liu: what is that type of customer? Who are you really going for? And it's like, I think, okay, I was, get to be broader and more like harder to achieve. But I think they should still be
Vivian Liu: kind of specific in that sense. It's also saying, like, we launch new product segments. I don't know. There's like
Vivian Liu: some numbers to it, but it's like.
Vivian Liu: what process segments. How long is that? Gonna take part of?
Vivian Liu: Always feel like with okrs, or something like the main one needs to have some like
Vivian Liu: clear one sort of number you're aiming for, and then, like there could be the smaller bits to it that's like, build the blocks up to it. But I mean, that's my I don't know if I'm just like
Vivian Liu: saying the wrong things
NSG: So I mean, you guys should all weigh in and and help each other with this. I I'm inclined to agree with your comments.
Vivian Liu: I I would. Yeah, I I feel like launch new products might be a milestone.
Vivian Liu: Because that that is a really important milestone. But I guess the way I'm curious about is like, what is that going to drive for the business
Vivian Liu: in that objective? I guess you've made it a product objective. I'm not sure. But like, yeah, like, you know, if it's like, is it going to drive revenue and retention? Yeah. So those products? Yeah, so like sub accounts relates to the monthly active users, right? Because the sub-accounts what the users are requesting sock 2 relates to revenue, because that's we've gotten killed in it before, and then segments leads to revenue as well.
Vivian Liu: So it's kind of product is a little bit different, because it's pulled between the different ones right. But, like ultimately, we want to have.
Vivian Liu: they're deliverable, too. But still
Vivian Liu: I think it is. What is the main objective that launching those new products will take you to
NSG: Correct.
Vivian Liu: Yeah, basically, I think it's all actually great. Just maybe you actually only have 2 objectives, which is great.
Vivian Liu: And then, you know, launch. New product is just a milestone of
Vivian Liu: like Number One or number 2. And then that's that's that's awesome.
NSG: I think that's a really helpful and important distinction to make right, because the the launch is a byproduct of the other 2 that are split out there.
NSG: But by achieving the launch, Meg, you'll have
NSG: those 2 making progress so it could be a step towards them.
NSG: Does that make sense
NSG: great? Start
Anthony De Silva: I can go next
NSG: Let's do it.
Chloe Lannert: Truthful.
Anthony De Silva: Alright.
Anthony De Silva: So
Anthony De Silva: What I did was I started with, I work back from backwards from our goal, setting packet where where we had the 90 day goals
Anthony De Silva: and looked into what our action plan should be for each of those goals,
Anthony De Silva: and and like the key results of each of those so divided into sales, product and other our ultimate goal with like with everything that we're doing is to get to 20 K of revenue monthly.
Anthony De Silva: So, and we think we can achieve that through signing 3 brokerages, brokerage deals for that process. We are currently conducting interviews like the jobs to be done. Interviews post that we will ramp up our reach, out efforts through Linkedin. Cold, reach out cold, reach out, and then, like brokerage in person. Meetings we aim to get to 5
Anthony De Silva: in person meetings weekly with these brokerages. And hopefully like close
Anthony De Silva: 3 of them by the end of 3 months.
Anthony De Silva: then we also want to expand our product to adjacent industries. So we identified like insurance companies and list listing services are consumers. It could be potential consumers of the data that we collect?
Anthony De Silva: Especially like insurance companies already doing external inspections. Is there an opportunity for us to like sell this data to them.
Anthony De Silva: So that's in sort of like the market development area. That's something that we need to explore. We will do that post our like focusing, focusing on, like, the the initial sales efforts through brokerages first, st and then this market discovery or customer discovery. It would be our next
Anthony De Silva: objective that trying we're trying to do
NSG: Okay,
Anthony De Silva: So, yeah, with that, I think we will also conduct jobs to be done with that category of
Anthony De Silva: the
Anthony De Silva: for pocs, like, once we discover who they are and like what level we need to reach out to.
Anthony De Silva: So that's in the pipeline of things to do.
Anthony De Silva: Then
NSG: I skipped ahead because I wanted to. Sorry to jump in. I just wanna make sure we we have time to to
Anthony De Silva: Good.
NSG: Because this all makes sense. The one like line. As an example that I would call out here is like, improve user engagement, stickiness of sales.
NSG: and the result is you launching the Mvp. And then the action plan is like the core features being finalized. I feel like there's room for some sort of detail around engagement, and how you're gonna drive it there, because if you talk about engagement and stickiness of sales, but then we're just talking about rolling out features. How do we actually layer in the details of what you're going to do to drive that engagement in that? And and retention
Anthony De Silva: My point of view is like having the app itself like, if you're able to install the app on a real test phone, I think that would drive stickiness itself, because right now they're like they're only
NSG: Hope.
Anthony De Silva: Oh!
NSG: That's a hope. So I guess I'm trying to like get you to to lay out here, and we don't have to do it right now. But my challenge to you is for this one line. If we do it, we can apply it to that help that hold that same line of thinking to everything else here.
NSG: what are you in control of? Aside from shipping the feature
NSG: that allows you to influence that engagement
Anthony De Silva: I think, talking, talking to talking to the users right? So talking to users meeting with the realtors. That's why I like meeting with brokerages and being able to present the the product that we have
Anthony De Silva: is key. So that's like our top goal. And like everything that else that else that we do with the product. It's it's something that we're going to show in.
Anthony De Silva: And if we're able to
NSG: This reminds me, this reminds me of like I alluded to a conversation I had with Jake and Bob Mesa in Detroit of a week or so before you guys start a program. And I was talking to Jake. And we figured out that 85 of his percent of the user sign up for his app, you know, end up turning and don't come back.
NSG: I feel like there's things you're gonna learn about your users as they engage with this that are going to illuminate ideas and opportunities for you to drive greater retention and engagement.
NSG: and you all might be able to as a as a group, because you all know this way better than any of us on this call.
NSG: What are some of those potential hypothesis for what that might be what those engagement drivers might be the levers.
NSG: But I want you to think one layer deeper here for each of the action plan steps, because I think you guys have a huge opportunity to be really, really scientific in your approach?
NSG: Does that make sense? Anthony?
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, I think, yeah, with the the features. Yeah, features were like an action plan in in the product. But I understand what you're saying, yeah.
NSG: This is this is, this is relatively clear, though, and and I think for category for other. It sounds like that's fundraising
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Vivian Liu: You know I had a question about you said to be more scientific.
NSG: Yeah.
Vivian Liu: What? Do you mean?
Vivian Liu: Like.
Vivian Liu: yeah, can you break down of what you mean? Maybe like, do you mean like tracking specific Kpi metrics, or something? Or is it like
NSG: Yeah, yeah, like, like. So launching features for me is is almost like half the job.
NSG: Right? I launched the features. But it's okay that that's supposed to drive engagement and stickiness.
NSG: What do I mean by that like? Which feature am I launching? That, I hope, does? What job? And how am I actually gonna make sure that that feature is engaged with properly? Because right now I'm I'm guessing that these are gonna work.
NSG: But I'm not putting I'm not taking charge of my own destiny, or at least in written form here, I'm sure Anthony and Team have already thought about what I'm asking about. They just didn't put it on this page, right? So I'm asking to see it a little bit more in detail, because I think that's
NSG: this process becomes scientific. If you actually have those different inputs in some sort of documented, measurable way that you can. Leverage.
NSG: does that make sense encore
Vivian Liu: Yep.
NSG: Great. Yeah, that's fine.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. Sorry.
NSG: Yeah, I think I I know we're at time. So I guess my ask would be for the rest of the folks who have submitted theirs. If you make sure that it's in the document or in that in that. Okay, our folder. I'll commit to reviewing each of them and engaging with you all on them separately from this but we can also set up individual time to discuss them and and go in more detail.
NSG: and for those of you who already presented, and you got feedback. If you have any updates to them, and you want another look from others along with myself. Let's also do that, too. But this is a great start, like we all need to be bought in on each other's objectives.
NSG: Right? So I wanna make sure that we all have that awareness and buy in. And I think this is a step in the right direction. Some are further along than others, but for the most part
NSG: I was not in my head along with all of you. So I'm I'm rooting for you, and I'm down to help you all accomplish each of them.
NSG: I'll hang around for other questions. I don't have an immediate meeting right after this
Vivian Liu: Thank you.
NSG: Otherwise we'll see you in a bit
Chloe Lannert: So.
Vivian Liu: Thanks.